README.md, before:

# innerscope

<br>
<div align="center">
    <img alt="MIT Licensed" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg">
    <img alt="Version Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.9-brightgreen.svg">
</div>

<br>

> **innerscope** is a type-safe, high-performance framework with minimal overhead designed for building reactive applications, whilst being easy for non-frameworkers to adopt.

## Installation

To install the framework, you can choose between npm or deno:

- **package-managers**:

    ```bash
    npm install innerscope
    bun install innerscope
    ```

## Documentation

The documentation is evolving as the framework grows. Access the lattest documentation [here](./docs/quickIntro.md).

Here is the demo page built with innerscope, it is part of this repo in the main.ts file, however you will need to clone, install correct
dependencies and use the command `npm run dev` to get a preview:

![An image of a project built with innerscope](image.png)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to **innerscope.ds**! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make changes and commit (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to your fork (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Open a Pull Request.

Feel free to suggest new features and improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

version update for 0.2.0; Now instead of single imports of html-elements, they are under the Widget object.

README.md, after:

# innerscope

<br>
<div align="center">
    <img alt="MIT Licensed" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg">
    <img alt="Version Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.9-brightgreen.svg">
</div>

<br>

> **innerscope** is a type-safe, high-performance framework with minimal overhead designed for building reactive applications, whilst being easy for non-frameworkers to adopt.

> Note that the current update is for 0.2.0, which is not released yet and comes with major changes, I advise to use this current
> version and build it yourself.

## Installation

To install the framework, you can choose between npm or deno:

- **package-managers**:

    ```bash
    npm install innerscope
    bun install innerscope
    ```

## Documentation

The documentation is evolving as the framework grows. Access the lattest documentation [here](./docs/quickIntro.md).

Here is the demo page built with innerscope, it is part of this repo in the main.ts file, however you will need to clone, install correct
dependencies and use the command `npm run dev` to get a preview:

![An image of a project built with innerscope](image.png)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to **innerscope.ds**! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make changes and commit (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to your fork (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Open a Pull Request.

Feel free to suggest new features and improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
